Privacy Policy
Eremin KN created the Pastry Chef Diary app as a commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by Eremin KN free of charge and is intended to be used as is.

This page is used to inform visitors of my policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone chooses to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, you consent to the collection and use of information in connection with this policy. The personal information I collect is used to provide and improve the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are available in the Pastry Chef's Diary, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Collection and use of information

For a better experience when using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personal information, a phone number or contact list. The information you request will be stored by us and used as described in this privacy policy.

The application uses third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to the privacy policy of the third party service providers used by the application

Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Log data
Yandex

We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in the event of an error in the application, we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This log data may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, application configuration when using our Service, and the time and date you used the Service. , and other statistics.

Biscuit

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are usually used as anonymous unique identifiers. They are sent to your browser from the websites you visit and stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not explicitly use these cookies. However, the application may use third-party code and libraries that use cookies to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of this Service.

Service providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals for the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To provide services related to the Service; or
To help us analyze how our Service is being used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to carry out the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are required not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

We value your trust in providing us with your Personal Information, so we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect it. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to other sites

This Service may contain links to other websites. If you click on a third party link, you will be redirected to this site. Please note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you read the Privacy Policy of these websites. We do not control and are not responsible for the content, privacy practices or practices of any third party sites or services.

Children's privacy

These Services are not intended for persons under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. In the event that I discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will immediately delete it from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we can take the necessary action.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. As such, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective February 01, 2023.

Contact us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, feel free to contact us at Skull615d@gmail.com.
